Generally I agree with the message of "Upgrade Your Tech Skills", and found it easy to relate to myself. Self teaching gets much harder as it becomes easier to occupy yourself with "easy" programming problems. My least successful and most difficult projects taught me the most, but after teaching myself the basics it becomes easy to relax.

It felt like the core idea of Mel Robbins' talk was that growth and happiness is achieved through breaking one's daily routine. Routine is comfortable and we naturally crave it, so being happy in this way is difficult and takes effort. The talk focused on the experience of doing this and its rewards. In a way, it's the same message as "Upgrade Your Tech Skills": breaking your routine in different senses so you can grow.

Unlike the previous two media, Carol Dweck's talk focused on how to respond to growth (or the potential for growth), rather than how to start achieving it. Although I hadn't thought about it quite like this, I felt like I understood her points and had identified them to a limited extent in myself. In particular, I know when I'm having a positive experience because I feel focused on learning more than anything else, and I'm eager to work more; I feel motivated and capable even if I'm struggling with a problem.  Conversely, I feel like sometimes I have a fixed mindset that hinders my learning. Having the right mindset has been really important for me, and I feel like learning programming has had me at my worst and best in this respect.

It seems like Duckworth's and Dweck's talks focused on the same concept but viewed it in somewhat different ways. Duckworth framing it as "grit" emphasized struggling in class as a positive and helpful experience. As someone who's listening to these talks and trying to embrace the mindset myself (rather than have my students embrace it), this aspect of the growth mindset feels important to recognize.

Although in general "Redefining Success" felt like a different message than the previous two media, I also had an easy time relating it to them. I believe the growth mindset and "grit" are complimented very well by Alain's ideas of "success." This video also made me realize that having a positive growth mindset can help others around me grow as well. Suppressing the urge to judge others (i.e. not being a "snob") means that others will feel more comfortable with having a positive view of growth. By the same token, being in an environment where people have this mindset is important to having it yourself.

I liked the impostor syndrome podcasts a lot because they felt more personal and less scripted than the other talks; the Drs. Sarah talked about their personal experiences and I had an easier time understanding their points when they were less vague and general. I definitely think that snobbery as discussed by Alain de Botton can be a source of impostor feelings in others. The fact that this talk was given by two friends to me emphasized the fact that people with impostor feelings often do not judge others in such a way. For example, in the podcast they mentioned that certain STEM fields have a "narrative" and that diverging from that narrative created impostor feelings. I don't think that either Sarah would believe that others who are diverging from the narrative are less likely to succeed, yet they realized that they applied those standards to themselves. They would definitely recognize impostor feelings as invalid, but would continue to feel them regardless.
